you may be asking yourself what are
video games and what the hell is eSports
in 2014 if you compare the music
industry sales to box office sales and
then compare that to video game sales in
the same year it's pretty clear that it
is a big portion of the entertainment
industry so what is esports esports is
just like other sports you have the NBA
you have the NFL you have baseball
eSports is a subculture within the video
game industry it's people watching the
best people in the world play those
games some of you may doubt that eSports
is a traditional sport or it could be
called a sport but there's absolutely no
denying the amount of growth that's
happened within the space there's a lot
of games that revolve around eSports
there's fighting games like smash and
streetfighter
there's first-person shooters like
Counter Strike and Call of Duty and then
there's strategy games like League of
Legends and dota and League of Legends
is the most popular game right now
there's about 27 million daily active
users and about 67 million people that
play each month in fact League of
Legends they host a world championship
at the end of each season and the last
world championship in season 4 the total
viewership for that event was actually
higher than the World Series and the NBA
Finals in the same year it all started
as a spectator event with just a handful
of people watching and now it's a
worldwide phenomenon we're filling up
the Staples Center and the largest venue
in Korea these professional gamers
practice 10 to 12 hours a day some of
these guys have million-dollar contracts
the dedication is there they are
athletes when you watch these eSports
games you feel the excitement you know
the players you know what's on the line
there's millions of dollars at stake
there's crying there's excitement
there's adrenaline it's just like
traditional sports and that's what
eSports is can leave legends there's 10
teams that compete in north america and
one of those teams is Team Liquid and
we've partnered up with HTC to present a
documentary series called rebirth which
is a behind the scenes look
at Team Liquid through their competitive
season if you want to watch rebirth make
sure you subscribe below sorry my
what the way our team currently works
we're not gonna win world's probably
didn't get the world to it if we just
keep going on tending nothing's wrong
within our team in the end we're just
all frustrated because we're just not
doing well and we're not a team and I
know that we could be a really good team
I honestly still believe it could be the
best team in the nhf and you were like
decay
[Music]
you